Aesthetic pack (#10314)
OrcaSlicer/OrcaSlicer: doc/print_settings/strength/strength_settings_infill_rotation_template_metalanguage.md

  ![linear-joint](https://github.com/SoftFever/OrcaSlicer/blob/main/doc/images/fill/Template-metalanguage/linear-joint.png?raw=true)
- `#` - infill of multiple layers with vertical displacement at finish angle. e.g. `+22.5#50%`  
  ![multiple-joint](https://github.com/SoftFever/OrcaSlicer/blob/main/doc/images/fill/Template-metalanguage/multiple-joint.png?raw=true)
- `#-` - infill of multiple layers with vertical displacement at initial angle. e.g. `+22.5#-50%`<br>Here and further, a negative sign before the height value indicates that the action of the instruction is reversed: if in a regular instruction the action begins at a certain angle α then ends at α+22.5. In the reverse one the begin at α+22.5, and the end at α.<br>
  ![multiple-joint-initial-angle](https://github.com/SoftFever/OrcaSlicer/blob/main/doc/images/fill/Template-metalanguage/multiple-joint-initial-angle.png?raw=true)
- `|` - infill of multiple layers with vertical displacement at middle angle. e.g. `+22.5|50%`  
  ![multiple-joint-middle-angle](https://github.com/SoftFever/OrcaSlicer/blob/main/doc/images/fill/Template-metalanguage/multiple-joint-middle-angle.png?raw=true)

> - `N` - infill formed by sinus function (vertical connection). e.g. `+22.5N50%`<br>If we reduce the angle and height by two, we get the same rotation of the infill, but with a greater frequency of waves.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `N` - infill formed by sinus function (vertical connection). e.g. `+22.5N50%`.  
  Reducing the angle and height by two gives the same rotation of the infill, the rotation of the infill remains unchanged, but the frequency of waves increases.  
```
